Rules for quantum chess

- When players capture pieces, they gain an amount of qubits equal to the point value of the material they captured. These qubits can then be used to split pieces into "units". In each turn, without spending qubits, a player can make at most one move from any number of units, but the units moved have to be from a common piece.
- If a player makes multiple moves from any unit, they must pay an amount of qubits equal to the unit price (0 for pawns, 1 for minor pieces, 2 for rooks, 3 for queens and kings) times the number of additional moves (but the advanced qubit formulas are less straightforward). If a move is not guaranteed to be legal, measurements (or observations) will be made to resolve the legality of a move. When a measurement is made, the affected player is NOT refunded their qubits.
- If one or more move(s) are invalidated by a measurement, the remaining probability goes to staying on the original square, or to making at most one default move, if it is not also invalidated. Setting a default move costs the same amount as making an additional move.
- Without win by checkmate, players win by capturing the opponents king, which can be annoying if measuring partial king captures is also turned off. Otherwise, the explosive checkmate setting determines whether the defending player is assisted by having the pieces giving and receiving checks measured so that all checks are certain (otherwise the defender would have to have a move available that escapes in all possible positions). If explosive checkmate is on, attacks with superimposed pieces are extremely powerful, making an explosive game.

Contributions are appreciated. I am currently working on making the game available for online play.
